*Elevator Algorithm for my Robot*

If you need to go to another floor of this building:
    Scan premises until you find a blinking arrow light.
    Navigate over to blinking arrow light.
    If you have to go up:
        Press the up arrow.
    If you have to go down:
        Press the down arrow.
    Wait for doors to open.
    Enter elevator, then wait for doors to close.
    Scan elevator area for numbered buttons.
        If there is something wrong with the elevator, press the red button.
    Find the number floor you want to go to.
        If you are going down, press a number that's less than your current floor number.
        If you are going up, press a number that's greater than your current floor number.
    Wait for a "ding!" from the elevator.
    When the doors open:
        Exit the elevator onto your new floor.

*Washing Laundry*

When clothes have been worn all day, put them in the hamper.
    If no clothes on after putting clothes in hamper, put more on.
To wash laundry:
    When the laundry basket is full:
        Get quarters for the laundry machine.
        Get detergent for your laundry.
        Put the quarters in your pocket.
        Put the detergent bottle or pac on top of the basket for easy carrying.
        Pick up your basket.
        Open the door to your hallway, walk through it, then close it.
        Walk down the hallway to your back door.
        Open the back door, walk through it, then close it.
        Walk outside to the laundry room door, unlock it, open it, walk through it, then close it.
        If machines are currently full:
            Wait until someone else picks up their laundry
            Or go back inside with your laundry basket and come back later.
        If machines are not full:
            Put detergent in machine.  Put clothes in machine.
    Insert quarters into the machine.
    Hit "start"
    While waiting for cycle to start:   
        Sit and wait, and talk to your weird neighbors if they come by.
        Go back into your apartment and write Ruby while you wait.
            Set a timer for 45 minutes so you don't forget.
    When the laundry machine stops or your timer goes off:
        Go back to the washing machine.
        Take clean clothes out and put in dryer.

